if computers can learn behavior instead of being told what to do

starting small and going big - human learning

process:
problem, create rule, apply rule, feedback, adjust rule

carefully defined instructions

data: test data, training data
training data - training the model
test data

binary classifiction

machine learning provides customized experience
recommendations for each users

the data you provide is how your machine will view the world, so better to strategize 
and get broad data

supervised and unsupervised learning. 
- like learning a game in real life, it might be beneficial to have someone tutor you - tell you the rules, basic strategies etc. this is supervised learning. 
- the other approach is to watch people play the game, seeing enough number of games can help you understand the game eventually.
- or both. hire a tutor and observe other people.


supervised learning relies on the the data that you know, the data you have label to.
labelled data is the key for your machine to connect the dots. 
You have correct outcome, you have correct sets of answers based on the labelled data.

After generating the model from your training data, the machine will generate a model.
You can then feed the model with your test data and predict the correct outcome.
Provide feedback to your model and then tune again.

Q: how to give feedback to the model?

unsupervised learning is somehow the more common way of learning. if you think about it, most of what we know and do comes from observing other people.

the key to unsupervised learning is access to lots of data that it can learn from. common use is to make classifications/clustering that you might not even think of. 

semi-supervised learning - inductive reasoning - use in translations

reinforcement learning
- best model
- giving the machine a very clear goal
- q learning - quality
- q goes up if you make the right move. eventually, the machine will learn strategies to make the value of Q go up.

categories of supervised learning
- binary classification
- multiclass classification
- regression - trends, no predefined outcomes
 
 show the machines what it means for a say room to be booked.
 






























